Grandpa, what's wrong with your leg?
How can you be okay if I get in the way?
How dare you have privacy
You've lost all your face.
Dad, I was wrong.
I'll just watch my dad forgive us for a while
You not only sent someone to frame Ye Lao
Also colluded with me
Even if he could forgive you
I can't forgive you either.
How could he collude with me?
I officially declare
Will I hold all the shares of Yip Group
Into the name of my granddaughter Ye Yao
The industrial future of Ye's Group
Will be inherited by Ye Yao
Grandpa
I will never let you down
What have you been doing these days?
I've heard that's good
today
The questions are also good
Thank you Mr. Ye
This Nie Zi
subfoliar blending
Judicial Department Disposal
You want me to go to jail?
Well, since you don't want me to be better off
Then don't blame me
Do you think you have a way out?
Hahahaha
My way out is your dead end
Please invite our country's fitness experts